Speaker 1;Can you explain what you are doing now?
Speakr 2; I'm working on measuring health data and reporting it to users. It's illegal in the US to give out health data. For example, you are very angry You are very calm It is illegal to tell your emotional state in this way, so I am designing an application that shows ambiguous and I am designing a UI.
Speak 1; What was it like when you did UX for a while?
Speaker 2; The Fitbit team is by my side, but I don't know what we're doing outside of the Fitbit team. Participant recruiting is done inside the team. But if the team is busy and you want to do research, you can only do it within the team. At Avocado, Avocado team food is a user study within a team. There is one more step, so fish food seems to be the biggest, and dog food is a little bit on Avocado? For example, this is a little different, but if you look at the UX research in a big way, what kind of development do you want to participate in dog food? If you participate, you can try it out, but we do it in secret and only team food. Since I'm a contract worker, I'm a Avocador. But I think this is only used inside Avocado. It's called a test team, and if you find it on the Internet, you can use it if you need it. I think there are three types: dog coding, fish coding, and team coding. Recruiting people needed for user research and feeling like team coding
Speaker 1; Then, the UX research dispositions in your sister's team are only done within the team?
Speaker 2; First of all, do that. I know the situation well, so I don't need an explanation.
Speaker 1; Did I mention that the team is about 30 people?
Speaker 2; 35?
Q:How’s the qualitative data incorporated into the product?
Speaker 2; It may be because we are a very small department, but we have 2 user researchers, 2 UIs, and 4 people in total. In fact, I personally feel that we are a developer group, so I do not know the importance, necessity, or how to reflect the importance of UX Research. . Developers just say, "Please decide quickly." In fact, we don't know. You don't know what's good I want to design with evidence, but it's very difficult to do user research to get everything based. So, I go to UI and UX researcher separately, and as you know, UX research is an experiment and starts with the details. If we say, ‘I think it would be good to do this,’ you can do a task that can be done in one second for two months. What I want to say is that it is difficult to obtain such qualitative data and our team lacks the ability to melt it well. So it's a mess :) I'm working really hard, but I'm not sure what it is related to.
Speaker 1; I heard that it is difficult to obtain such qualitative data, but is this process difficult because it is a long process, or is it difficult because the company atmosphere itself is not reflected well even if you work hard like this?
Speaker 2; In my opinion, the personal competency of a UX researcher is important. I'm wondering if this is a good researcher? Because, within the team, requests like this are pouring in, and the first thing that Daye mentioned is that it takes too much time to organize experiments, recruit and analyze, and the second thing is that the team wants to hear what users want and the analyzed results are I miss you. I said it was a personal competency, so I do it because that person has to do it. Rather than trying to find insights, do you feel like sharing when you find something interesting? Even while doing research, if something good comes out, I should say, ‘Let’s do this with leadership’, but I feel like I have to. Points should come out when processing, refining, and sharing the content, What should I do? If I do it, I'll do it, and it ends with a result like this.
Speaker 1; Then who is the final decision-making?
Speaker 2; Designers do it, and I was wondering if I could give an answer in this part, and speaking of my situation, designers do a lot of decision making. He has no research experience. So, in fact, he is a person who designs products and makes intuitive designs, so he is dependent on inspiration. A little bit, he does when I tell him to. Why do we need to do user research? Because I am a mixed race person, and the UX researcher only does UX research. I only do UX research. I have no idea how to apply it to the product. So, it feels like our team is doing UX research, UI, and development separately. If we work closely with UI and UX, I would have something to say, but it feels like the UX research team is doing more than one thing, and I was separated because I was busy designing UI on my own.
Speaker 1; The UX research team rarely asks the UI team to analyze it or provide insights like that?
Speaker 2; We don't work together there, so people can't see it very well, so it feels like we're doing what each one can do rather than collaborating. If you ask the UX team, Eric has a lot of work to do there, so let's just decide on our own. When I first went in, I prepared a UX research workshop or something. I also planned and prepared the experiment, but the problem is that I have to conduct. The problem is that the interaction designers have to use a personal network inside, but they won't proceed there, so I stayed still, and when a new researcher joined, he took it. Um... It's important for Avocado to get good data, and for schools to get good data. But Avocado only needs to get results, so it doesn't matter if the process is well structured.


