Speaker 2; I am a product manager and there is a separate UX research team, but not all teams can use UX research, so there are teams that run it individually, and in the case of our products, our project managers sometimes do it. We are making a platform that operates automatic screening of advertisements that enter the line. It's not a product shown by the user group, it's related to the backend, and what the user group is doing is creating a platform that makes it easy to create graphic materials for line ads.
Speaker 1; You said that there are things that the pm group decides without UX researcher, so what kind of..?
Speaker 2; Research is done in the same way, but the main role is not just to do user research, but to run it whenever necessary.
Speaker 1; I'll run a workshop. Just make a diagram of the product development sequence that your team follows.
Speaker 2; First of all, when creating a new product, the company decides what to make, and then I think about it. First of all, I do data research rather than user research. It is our company standard, but in the case of startups, there is no data, but we have a lot of data. After that, if it is decided, I think we will do this together. But this is it, and there is a direction the company wants to make. Rather than just brainstorming here, it seems that there is no separate list of people saying that there is such a function internally. So, I think I am doing some brainstorming and decision making for the product. After that, I usually do QA and release. Here, I look at the data again, and if the data does not solve the problem, I do UT. If there is an issue. This is only if there is an issue.
Speaker 1; It would be better to indicate which stage there are pain points in and why it is difficult.
Speaker 2; I always feel something, but here and here I'm not sure. Because there is no kind explanation for us, there is no evidence for the reason for making this decision to the working-level staff. I think that's the hard part. Knowing that, you can solidify user research. Consider that there is no analysis in the middle. User research takes a long time and recruiting is a bit difficult, so using an external pool might be a very large project. If you use it as a recruiting company, it costs tens of thousands of won at a time, so it's not easy to do it until you do this, and if you do a lot of qualitative research, it's probably a job to analyze. It is true that it is not easy to devote time to analysis. And when making decisions with this, it's not easy to convince them. Numerical work is easy. But it varies depending on the type of research, but I have to say that it doesn't give much importance to this, but it is valuable information for people who make products, but it is incredibly powerful when making decisions on a project-by-project basis. I have a hard problem. There are some who aren't. There are people who think this is good, but I don't think it's open to the Korean company atmosphere.
Speaker 1; You mentioned the company culture, how would it change to help reflect the opinions of the UX researcher?
Speaker 2; When I emphasize this, the answer I get back is, when I look at large data on parameters when doing quantitative research, it is easy to believe that it is a characteristic that represents the user group because there are many parameters. That's why you're recruiting, right? I don't think you have much confidence in that part. There is a lack of belief about whether that is a specific characteristic of that person or a general one. From a business point of view, should we do everything users want? There is also something like this, and basically, the power of text rather than numbers is weak? Actually, I think it is because there are people who are less accustomed to such things because people in such high positions are older.
Speaker 1; If you go to the next page, you can model the qualitative analysis process.
Speaker 2; It's called coding, but I see it as a theme. It's an interview where you have to ask questions. It's not like an idea interview. I think it's kind of like coding a little bit in there. I do it and I just do this and derive insights. I don't go that deep. Then we move straight to product design. There may be a report between the two.
Speaker 1; After pasting what you make, can you explain which tool you use for each stage and the inconveniences or vertices when using the tool?
Speaker 2; Is it convenient to use Google Sheets these days? And then we jump right here, not so deep and academic.
Speaker 1; Then, when you code in Excel, you said that you are together. Did you have any inconveniences about how many people you are working with?
Speaker 2; There are many times when the truth is alone. That shouldn't be the case, but there are many cases where there aren't enough resources to do it with multiple people, so there are a lot of cases where it's done alone. If we do it together, two or three people do it together. The hard thing about doing it alone is that we do it in order to collect various insights with objectivity. It makes me wonder if I can do this, but in the end, we are more important people to make products, so we code to flow as we want. There are cases where The difficult thing is, first of all, if you do it alone, there is a lot of volume. So I think it was difficult to do it very deeply.
Speaker 1; If you say a lot, how much is it?
Speaker 2; If you look at what we've been doing recently, it's been done by about 8 people, but it's pretty long since we did it for an hour. It takes a long time to organize.
Speaker 1; Then, do you think it helped you find good insights when collaborating with other people or is it okay to do it yourself?
Speaker 2; I think that we can find better insights if we work together, but if there are several people doing it, the company has an equal culture, but there is a difference in years. So juniors tend to follow the opinions of seniors. So, I don't think there's a bit of an incredibly diverse opinion out there. Still, I think you need to listen.
Speaker 1; If you go to the next page, please mark the challenges.
Speaker 2; In my opinion, it is difficult to look at these one by one. If you go to the next page, there is a human assistant waiting for you to help with the qualitative analysis. The waiting person can also be a friend, family, or crowd worker. Please tell us what kind of help you would like to receive and why. I think it would be nice to actually do this if you get help. There is, but it is not perfect, so it needs work to fix it. You said I was doing it alone, I think it would be nice if we could do it together. In terms of giving ideas?
Speaker 1; Why do you want to work together in finding a theme?
Speaker 2; I'm just trying to reduce the cost of work.
Speaker 1; If you go to the next page, if you can get help from AI rather than humans, where would you like to get help?
Speaker 2; What is the difference between classification and topic modeling?
Speaker 2; Hmmm, I'm a bit... topic modeling? Thinking if it would be good, there are numerical data visualizations, right? Something like this? I think it will be easy to persuade if there is something like this.
Speaker 1; Qualitative data isn't for a lot of people, but do you still think a small number would be helpful?
Speaker 2; If there are even a few numbers, I didn't analyze it, but when I saw this person's use of language, he mentioned these words a lot. I think I'll show you that I'm a little more objective!
Speaker 1; The next thing I was curious about is, if AI shows this kind of report, will it be helpful for insight extraction?
Speaker 2; At first, it was said that there are many cases where it is done alone or in pairs, but I think it will help to support objectivity. There is a certain framework for what the company does, so the results of research are often used to test initial hypotheses.

