Speaker;Text
Speaker 2; These three groups are the most important to us, and we are a large company. I am attending LG Electronics. Because they are large, there is a fight between them, so there is a negotiation process before the start of product planning to decide which product to use from a UX designer or designer. Most of the time, it starts with three teams trying to do it together.
Speaker 2; The three groups brainstorm together, define functions, and do a lot of user research before prototyping. Kids related to new products, we are also making new products. For those who can use them, do you really want something like this? I tend to do a lot of user research on whether a function is necessary, and not only that, but it is natural, but trend research, and eventually new products must be melted into the flow of the market, so it is impossible not to see the trend. All of these things come together to define functional definitions and business models.
Speaker 2; Data scientists do not have professional people, and in fact, in the stage of product planning or UX, we plan or process data obtained through customer vs. data, such as user research or trend research, but most of the practical work is UX. I go.
Speaker 2; It's hard to write this way, but deciding which model to use is something that we do in product planning, and we brainstorm and do product research together. I tend to join the development team later, but despite this, development is inevitable. Before going to prototyping, I have this, define the function, and most of the time, this is how I do it. The above is a big role here, and UX plays a big role here. Reviewing development possibilities with this After all, this is the part that the development team does, and we go into development with the finished product. Our company only does prototyping when it is necessary. The development took about a year, so most of the cases before prototyping, it is the method that has been used in most cases to review the implementation as much as possible.
Speaker 2; I go through a lot of reviewing function definitions. I want to draw a circle, how do I draw it? After I've spent enough money here, I'm moving on to the develop stage when I'm done! Being in a large company, I think this was the way it was. It is developed and the product is on its way to release!
Speaker 1; You said that you brainstorm together with product planning and UX Research, but I know that UX Research uses a lot of qualitative data. By the way, did you not have any inconveniences when communicating with product planning?
Speaker 2; We, product planners do things that are quantitatively quantified, but nevertheless, when we see that it is a cycle of new products rather than existing products, we tend to see a lot of qualitative data in that case. Because, for new products, it doesn't mean much to look at the old data. You should look at the existing product segmentation, but our product planners understand that we need to look at the data of users who use it rather than looking at the existing numbers or data. So that part is no big deal.
Speaker 1; If you go to the next page, I think you should tell us where you feel difficulties when doing UX research.
Speaker 2; Actually, this user research part and this part are really lightning, but since it's too practical, I'll skip it and talk about the UX research part. You know Unmet needs, right? hidden needs. If you do user research, are you uncomfortable with this? That's not what I'm asking. You need this. You can't ask this, can you? Looking at life, how are you doing these days? The range of questions is wide and you often have to understand life. We are electronics. There is actually an answer we want to hear. Because that's where I got into modeling. However, it takes a lot of conscience to induce that answer, and you have to pick out the hidden needs. this kind of disparity? To what extent is induction and not? Question design itself is difficult for new products. Nevertheless, I am trying to analyze the entire life of a specific segment. So, user research becomes more difficult than before, and because it is not a survey to see the data I want, I get less for the cost. Nevertheless, the reason I can't avoid doing this research is because I have something to gain.
Speaker 1; You said you get less. Is it because the insights you get are often new?
Speaker 2; For example, in the case of lululemon, when people in their 30s see how much can wealthy luxury people in their 30s invest? This is really nothing when I look at life, is it an important issue when I look at life? I'm in my 30's, but I think that I can meet the needs of people in their early 20s by figuring out the difference between what they think and live. Even this itself, if you ask a common question, you'll be dumbfounded, do you watch YouTube? look at youtube It's not like this, where and how do you see it when you watch YouTube? Do you watch while eating? How many hours do you watch? What position are you looking at? I ask a variety of questions like this. Then, if he sees him while walking, standing, and reporting on the road, he will need a device suitable for that, but there is an insight that he will have to change it like this.
Speaker 1; Then you said that you do a lot of iteration. What's difficult about this part?
Speaker 2; Naturally, there is a deadline for product development and there is a development cost, so it is not easy for all business models and ideas to be reflected in the product. Even if it's a wow interaction or something in my head, it takes 3 months to put it in and it's not developed. Beauty products that come in close contact with the user's skin require additional review. Do I need to be accredited by an agency? As the rules for each institution are different, they are the people who make the functions, so it is necessary to re-create the functions that fit them, review them again, and undergo the tests for the rest of their lives, but the process takes a very long time.
Speaker 1; During the brainstorming process, the def for good insights will be different. I wonder if there is a time when I want to make more decisions as a UX researcher. If there is an example, it would be good if you could introduce it.
Speaker 2; Ummm... Recently, boundaries have broken down a lot more than I thought. The trendy thing is product planning, the UX thing that represents users is the development team, and the development team is doing defensive development. If this is the case, recently all three teams have been thinking that the customer comes first. When making a decision, when each person says what function they want, the user is the basis of selection. Users are uncomfortable. This has created an atmosphere where you can think again. User convenience is improved, although it may be technically difficult. If you take the latest trend or user search data and change it like this, users can save up to an hour. The business model is unlocked later than you think. Unless it's based on that, our team doesn't have to say what really gets better from the customer's point of view. The reference point will probably be that.
Speaker 1; There were a lot of feedbacks about difficulties and difficulties for UX researchers to have a voice.
Speaker 2; We listened well. The case where you have no choice but to listen to this is a case where development is difficult. We shouldn't even talk nonsense, so it's the job of a UX researcher to create a reason enough to persuade us to do it on a commonsense level. It is the UX researcher's job to take into account the number of cases when this is adopted, or even side effects, and it seems to be listening well.
Speaker 1; Previously, the development process and this time, the qualitative data analysis process should be shown as a diagram.
Speaker 2; You mentioned recently that what we do is look at the lives of our customers. I first find people who are really likely to use this, and I can do a lifelog of these people, and I will draw a Journey Map.
Speaker 2; Can you attach something like a picture? You draw a lot of custom Journey Maps. So these people draw a lot of Journey Maps. Sometimes it's hard to say what to do and sometimes what to do, and it's hard to say that it's an improvement point for the section of the Journey Map, but it's about exploring insights. If you look at microsegmentation, there are insights. What do these people do at night, where and what do they do for more than 30 minutes? You discover these unexpected insights and act based on those insights.
Speaker 1; Go to the second step and mark the challenge.
Speaker 2; The first is a small lightning bolt, so micro-segmentation is more difficult than I thought. The second is insight by journey, which may or may not come out most of the same. Still, it can be difficult to try to turn a trivial discovery into an insight. Actually, brainstorming is difficult. Insight was like this, what ideas can you use to change it? So all 3 parts are not easy.
Speaker 1; You said finding insights is difficult. Do you have a strategy you use to find better insights?
Speaker 2; When we do new work, we don't do it individually, but we do it with two or more people. It's nice to have someone with a completely different story to me. Because if you do it alone, you can become engrossed in your own thoughts.
Speaker 2; Depending on how detailed the Journey Map is, you can get better insights. For example, instead of just doing a life log in this section, what products are you using and where you are? At this time, how was the light in the house? If you create a Journey Map with more detailed questions in this way,


